Director Shen, you just fired.
The Sheriff's Department is here, are you okay?
We all belong to the emperor himself.
That's right, Jing.
I want to ask you something.
He's selling shares, you know?
What, this is good, why does the CEO want to sell the shares?
The Sea of Clouds project is currently under development.
It will sell much faster now.
Because of his brother.
I've heard Daiqiang talk about his brother.
We have used our relationship to deal with this issue, but the Hai Nhuan Group has not let go.
The project plan leaked early.
Reparation is inevitable.
Hai Nhuan Group is a long-standing enterprise
Such a low-level mistake cannot be made.
But Hai Nhuan Group always insists that it is Truong Dung's fault.
I consulted a lawyer.
All this evidence combined, we don't stand any chance.
No, Zhang Liang has devoted so many years to the company.
This finally keeps the clouds open.
I want to see my father-in-law.
You can't be dragged into the abyss because of your brother.
We have to find a way, the project of Hai Nhuan Group was cut off by a man called Sao Group.
We just need to find the boss, we'll know everything.
I'll check this out. It's called Star Corporation. It seems to be a registered shell company.
The boss's name is Ta Van Long.
Okay, when this is over, we'll see him.
What are you laughing at?
Laughing you sunny handsome and upright
If it wasn't for Liao Dazhuang
I can chase you.